Examples align (#75)
ArekBalysNordic/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/nrfconnect_android_commissioning.md

# Commissioning nRF Connect Accessory using Android CHIPTool

You can use [CHIPTool](android_building.md) for Android smartphones to
commission a Nordic Semiconductor's development kit programmed with a Matter
example for the nRF Connect platform into a Matter fabric.

This guide references the nRF52840 DK and Matter nRF Connect Lighting Example
Application that communicates with other nodes over a Thread network, but the

> instructions can be adapted to other platforms and applications. In particular,
> some sections of this guide include deviations from the original procedure that
> are needed to test a Wi-Fi device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions can be adapted to other platforms and applications. For instance,
some sections of this guide include steps for testing a Wi-Fi device, which are adapted from the original Thread-based procedure.
```

You need the following hardware and software for commissioning the nRF Connect
accessory using Android CHIPTool:

-   1x smartphone with Android 8+

> -   1x Wi-Fi Access Point supporting IPv6 (without the IPv6 Router Advertisement

Reviewer: This is needed for both Thread and Wi-Fi?

Author: Yes both of them. Raspberry Pi as Thread Border Router uses this Wi-Fi access point.

    Guard enabled on the router)
-   1x nRF52840 DK (PCA10056) for running the example application. You can
    replace this DK with another compatible device, such as the nRF5340 DK or
    nRF7002 DK. nRF52840 DK and nRF5340 DK can be used to test Matter over
    Thread, and nRF7002 DK can be used to test Matter over Wi-Fi.

> -   1x nRF52840 DK for running the
>     [OpenThread Radio Co-Processor](https://openthread.io/platforms/co-processor)
>     firmware. You can replace this DK with another compatible device, such as
>     the nRF52840 Dongle.

Reviewer: Put the note from lines 76-77 before the piece of hardware needed:
```suggestion
- When testing a Thread device, you also need:

   -   1x nRF52840 DK for running the
        [OpenThread Radio Co-Processor](https://openthread.io/platforms/co-processor)
        firmware. You can replace this DK with another compatible device, such as
        the nRF52840 Dongle.
   -   1x Raspberry Pi Model 3B+ or newer (along with an SD card with at least 8 GB
        of memory)
```

    replace this DK with another compatible device, such as the nRF5340 DK or
    nRF7002 DK. nRF52840 DK and nRF5340 DK can be used to test Matter over
    Thread, and nRF7002 DK can be used to test Matter over Wi-Fi.
-   1x nRF52840 DK for running the
    [OpenThread Radio Co-Processor](https://openthread.io/platforms/co-processor)
    firmware. You can replace this DK with another compatible device, such as
    the nRF52840 Dongle.

    > _Note:_ This piece of hardware is only needed if you're testing a Thread
    > device. Skip it if the tested device operates in a Wi-Fi network.

-   1x nRF52840 DK for running the
    [OpenThread Radio Co-Processor](https://openthread.io/platforms/co-processor)
    firmware. You can replace this DK with another compatible device, such as
    the nRF52840 Dongle.
    
-   1x Raspberry Pi Model 3B+ or newer (along with an SD card with at least 8 GB
    of memory)

>     > _Note:_ This piece of hardware is only needed if you're testing a Thread

Reviewer 2: Why is this removed?

Author: Oh, Is it the note scope? I thought that it's unnecessarily duplicated.
